# BlogApp-Cement2.4
A basic Blog control CLI app.

Third-party Libraries used - Peewee ORM , Cement 2.4
Python Interpreter = Python 3.4.2 
Database = Sqlite3

Models for the Blog
=====================
1. Blog_post model with fileds:
`title`,`content`,`category` and an `id` field that is automatically generated by Sqlite as primary key field.
2. Category models(lists available categories under which a blog post can be categorized) with a field `category` and `id` field automatically generated by Sqlite as a primary key field .

Setting up for use
=====================
1. Run rmodel.py to create models for the minimal Blog .
2. BlogApp.py is the main command-line app to control the Blog , usage is as given below

Usage 
=======
1. `BlogApp.py` : Name of application itself.
2. `BlogApp.py --help`:  Lists help and commands available
3. `BlogApp.py post add <title> <content>`: Adds a new blog post with "title" and "content".
4. `BlogApp.py post list`:  Lists all blog posts
5. `BlogApp.py post search <keyword>`:  Lists all blog posts where "keyword" is found in title and/or content.
6. `BlogApp.py category add <category-name>`: Creates a new category
7. `BlogApp.py category list`: Lists all categories
8. `BlogApp.py category assign <post-id> <cat-id>`: Assigns category to post
9. `BlogApp.py post add <title> <content> `--category <cat-name>`:  Adds a new blog a new blog post with "title", "content" and assign a category to it. It category doesn’t exist, it will be created first.


Improvements for next version 
==============================
1. Needs Code refactoring.
2. More Error handling to make the usage gracefully.
3. In-depth Study of the Cement Latest version documentation to make the utility near robust by using necessary framework features.
4. This app was made more to be result oriented inorder to meet a self imposed deadline, so the code efficiency and best practices were not the top concern.
